feat: add C `ndarray` API and refactor `blas/ext/base/dcusumors` (#2968)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/dcusumors/docs/repl.txt

    semantics.

    While typed array views mandate a view offset based on the underlying

>     buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    buffer, the offset parameters support indexing semantics based on a
```
